# Machine-Learning-Zero2Hero
This is a script of codes that I made in order to practice while I was learning machine learning. Afterwards, I thought I could edit and develop this notebook, so that other people could make use of it and perhaps expedite their learning process. This is not a complete guide to linear models, however, it contains a lot of practices and mathematical aspects of algortihms. There will be three main notebooks about Linear Models Part 1: Linear Regression, Part 2: Logistic Regression, and Part 3: Generalized Linear Models. I will introduce different steps of feature processing and different datasets in which I apply these models, thereby, even if I split them into 3 main parts there may be more than 3 notebooks. I will try to explain algorithms and code as much as possible, however, these topics may be hard for a beginner. In fact, I did not intend this notebook for beginners but for those who have some idea of how algorithms work and want to improve their understanding of both mathematics behind the algorithms and codes to implement the algorithm. In each section, I added external resources that I found helpful when I was learning machine learning. Moreover, I reviewed some processes a couple of time in each example, my aim for doing this is to get you more familiar with these steps. I think this notebook can help a lot to people who intuitively know the algorithms to some extent but want to dive deeper and get some experience. I hope some people can make use of this notebook and learn these machine learning models.
